Raw Project Requirements from TOP:

Your ‘todos’ are going to be objects that you’ll want to dynamically create, which means either using factories or constructors/classes to generate them.
Brainstorm what kind of properties your todo-items are going to have. At a minimum they should have a title, description, dueDate and priority. You might also want to include notes or even a checklist.
Your todo list should have projects or separate lists of todos. When a user first opens the app, there should be some sort of ‘default’ project to which all of their todos are put. Users should be able to create new projects and choose which project their todos go into.
You should separate your application logic (i.e. creating new todos, setting todos as complete, changing todo priority etc.) from the DOM-related stuff, so keep all of those things in separate modules.
The look of the User Interface is up to you, but it should be able to do the following:
    view all projects
    view all todos in each project (probably just the title and duedate.. perhaps changing color for different priorities)
    expand a single todo to see/edit its details
    delete a todo
Use localStorage to save user’s projects and todos between sessions.


Interpreted:
1. Factory Functions/modules
2. TODOS needs: title, description, dueDate and priority
3. TODOs have TODOs
4. Modules
5. UI needs: view all projects, view all TODO in project, expand a single TODO to see/edit, delete TODO
6. Use localStorage

Desired Enhancements:
Use Firebase for cloudstorage
    Firebase ([check it out!](https://firebase.google.com/docs/?authuser=0)) is an online database that can be set up relatively easily, allowing you to save your data to a server in the cloud! Teaching you how to use it is beyond the scope of this tutorial, but it is almost definitely within your skill set. If you're interested, check out [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noB98K6A0TY) to see what it's all about.
Change color platte
    Fireship IO tutorial